Flint release notes (#56)
Axway/api-builder-docs: content/en/docs/developer_guide/flows/flow_triggers/oas_flow_trigger.md

The OpenAPI specification is bound to `/apidoc/swagger.json`, `/apidoc/swagger.yaml` (both for legacy purposes), as well as `/apidoc/openapi.json` and `/apidoc/openapi.yaml`. On startup, users will see only one path in the log. For OpenAPI 2.0, it is `/apidoc/swagger.json`, otherwise, it is `/apidoc/openapi.json`.
The prefix (`/apidoc`) is configured by changing [`apidoc.prefix` in configuration](/docs/developer_guide/project/configuration/project_configuration#apidoc).

<!-- ## Request handling
Describe what we do on an inbound request before hitting the flow. Write about what validation, massaging, coercing, response codes to expect and when. -->

## Response handling

{{% variables/apibuilder_prod_name %}} and the OpenAPI flow-trigger do additional processing after a flow completes, before sending the response. This section describes the areas that are processed.

> ## Response body

Reviewer: **issue**: I can't quite follow the headings.  Double-check that these are correct.  You currently have "Response body" at the same level as "Response handling" (h2), and "Response headers" at h3.  I think this should be h3.

You can send a `string` or `Buffer` as the response body in a HTTP request.

> When a different data type is set as the response body, we may encode it as JSON if your OpenAPI spec documents a _single_ `application/json` type response for that status code (or default if the code in use is not documented). Otherwise, the encoding is ambiguous so results in a 500 Internal Server Error. In this case, you should ensure you encode the body within the flow and set an appropriate `content-type` header for the encoding used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the response body is a type _other_ than `string` or `Buffer`, and your OpenAPI spec documents a _single_ `application/json` type response for that status code (or `default` if the code in use is not documented), then the response body will be JSON encoded. Otherwise, the response content encoding is ambiguous, and results in a `500 Internal Server Error`. In this case, you should ensure you encode the body within the flow and set an appropriate `content-type` header for the encoding used.
```
